swarms are often formed in
urban nuclei that are very
difficult to access
located in a hydration source that
agitated from the most difficult part of the
subject of having to be hung with
vertical works heat bites
etc
Well, in this case the honeycomb is a
only channel along throughout the board
of hydration then it is quite
complicated to remove it you have to try
save the queen to all possible breeding
and the honey reserves to take it to
hospital apiary or isolation
before recovering it
we put the queen in the cages
we uncover a little bit with wax and honey
to serve as food
and we introduce it with the pictures of
breeding it is important to take the queen or
at least egg so they can create a
Queen
when a person detects that he has a
in exchange for your home first know
if they are bees or wasps
the bees are protected and now
they are trying to declare themselves
unesco heritage in addition to the
bee as pollinating agent that is what
that you never have to do is seal the
entrance where they enter because that
cavity communicates with other cavities and
if we seal you can go out by
light bulbs handles blind
Ez plugs and you can flood the house
from hai we had to evict many
houses that's why they do something else
the people who should not do it
It is also not to throw a chemical
throw a chemical into the only thing that
they get is to move through that partition
the swarm to another place that go down in
marjah difficult to extract what from where
it is originally the first thing that
does with the swarm is to lock him in a
Rehabilitation colony is checked
if there is a queen if she has food or if
any disease suffers only 10% of
they are subsequently viable